feat: add Enterprise license with bootstrap implementation (#11153)
datafuselabs/databend: README.md

## License

> Current Databend code is released under a combination of two licenses, the [Apache 2.0](https://github.com/datafuselabs/databend/blob/main/licenses/apache.md) 
> and we adopt [Elastic V2 License](https://github.com/datafuselabs/databend/blob/main/licenses/elastic_v2.md) for our enterprise features under `ee` directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Databend is released under a combination of two licenses: the [Apache License 2.0](licenses/apache.md) and the [Elastic License 2.0](licenses/elastic_v2.md). The latter is for our enterprise features under the `ee` directory
```

## License

> Current Databend code is released under a combination of two licenses, the [Apache 2.0](https://github.com/datafuselabs/databend/blob/main/licenses/apache.md) and the [Databend Community License (DCL)](https://github.com/datafuselabs/databend/blob/main/licenses/dcl.md).

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we need to point out which commits were previously licensed only under Apache 2.0.
